README.md, before:

# Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS
A CSS mod for night theme on the [Telegram Translations platform](https://translations.telegram.org/)

## How to use:
Add the following line to a CSS injector plugin for your browser: 

`@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/SvenErikLarsen/Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS/theme.css");` 

This will keep the theme automatically up to date.

You could also copy all the lines from the [theme.css](https://github.com/SvenErikLarsen/Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS/blob/master/theme.css) file and paste them directly into the CSS injector. Note that this will require you to update it manually when there are changes.

(I personally use [Stylus for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne))

### Support and more tools
Visit https://t.me/translationtools for support and more Translation Platform tools.

### Showcase

![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/x3iy5W4.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/0gGqIfP.png)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#1)
user style quick install

README.md, after:

# Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS
A CSS mod for night theme on the [Telegram Translations platform](https://translations.telegram.org/)

## How to use:

### Method #1: Quick Install
Install [Stylus](https://add0n.com/stylus.html) for either [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/styl-us/), [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne) or [Opera](https://addons.opera.com/en-gb/extensions/details/stylus/) or [Cascadea for Safari](https://cascadea.app/) and then install this UserCSS by clicking below:

📦 [Install Night Theme for Telegram's Translations website](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SvenErikLarsen/Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS/master/theme.user.css)

The theme will be updated automatically.

### Method #2: Add this bit of code
Add the following line to a CSS injector plugin for your browser: 

`@import url("https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/SvenErikLarsen/Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS/theme.css");` 

This will keep the theme automatically up to date.

You could also copy all the lines from the [theme.css](https://github.com/SvenErikLarsen/Telegram-Translation-Night-theme-CSS/blob/master/theme.css) file and paste them directly into the CSS injector. Note that this will require you to update it manually when there are changes.

(I personally use [Stylus for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne))

### Support and more tools
Visit https://t.me/translationtools for support and more Translation Platform tools.

### Showcase

![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/x3iy5W4.png)
![Screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/0gGqIfP.png)
